* Axemoor.net Style Guide *

This style guide was created for use with the Bootstrap Framework and the
Axemoor.net re-design of 2015.
Visit http://getbootstrap.com to read up on Bootstrap's basic functions. This
document will cover the specifics of design for Axemoor.net.

Global Include Files

  Because the site's pages are written in PHP instead of HTML, we can instruct
  the server to insert the contents of other files into our pages by calling
  them with PHP code, as follows:

  <?php include("/templates/file.php"); ?>

  This command instructs the server to retrieve the file named "file.php" and
  insert the file's contents into the page that was requested. This allows us to
  follow the "Don't Repeat Yourself" (DRY) rule of web design. We use this
  method to include things we want to appear on more than one page, while
  avoiding making extra work for ourselves.

  The two biggest examples of this are the header and footer files. These should
  be included on every page on the site - they provide the beginning and end of
  each page, leaving us to only need to design the main body of each different
  page. If we need to change something in the header or the footer, we only need
  to change it one time - in the header or footer file, rather than needing to
  change it in every single page. The blank page templates have header and
  footer calls inserted and ready to go.

  Include files should be stored in the "Templates" folder.

External Links

  The Webminister Handbook requires that links to external sites be
  differentiated from links within the primary site domain (in this case, that's
  Axemoor.net). To do this, add rel="external" to the anchor tag. An example is
  provided below:

  <a href="http://sca.org" rel="external">Society for Creative Anachronism</a>

  This will add a little "external link" icon to the end of the link. You can
  see an example of this by visiting any page in the site and viewing the link
  to Bootstrap in the lower left corner.

Copyright Date

  The copyright date displayed within the footer is auto-updating. The code
  contains a PHP command, telling the server to display the current year in
  the place where the copyright end year would normally appear. When the
  calendar year advances from 2015 to 2016, the footer will automatically advance
  from reading "Copyright 2014-2015" to reading "Copyright 2014-2016" and so on.

HTML Comments

  If you add substantial structure to a page, include HTML comments to tell
  your future self or other future maintainers what the structure does. The
  HTML comment is formed with a left HTML bracket (<) immediately followed by
  an exclamation mark and two dashes (!--). The end of the comment is formed by
  two additional dashes (--), followed by a right HTML bracket (>). See below
  for an example.

  <!-- This is an HTML comment. It will be ignored by the browser -->

  Even though the browser will ignore comments, they can still be viewed by
  anyone who accesses the page by viewing the page source in the browser.
  Therefore, do not use comments to hide sensitive information - they won't
  protect it from computers or savvy humans. Easter Eggs, on the other hand,
  are perfectly acceptable, provided that they don't violate SCA Web policy!

Legal Disclaimers and Resources

  The Webminister's Handbook states that the Ownership Statement, external sites
  notice, and other policy statements may be published on their own page,
  provided that a link to that page be displayed on the index page. Therefore,
  all of the required legal statements (aside from the copyright notice) and
  links to the Barony's governing documents and policies have been relocated to
  a page dedicated to legal items. The footer contains a statement which directs
  visitors to the legal page.
